Some countries have regulations on the use of cryptographic libraries
like the ones embedded in TCLink. It may be unlawful to download TCLink
in these countries.


                                 TCLink v3.4.1
                          C Language Implementation
                       copyright (C) TrustCommerce 2003
                         http://www.trustcommerce.com
                         developer@trustcommerce.com

                              September 5, 2003

I. DESCRIPTION

  TCLink is a thin client library to allow your e-commerce servers to
connect to the TrustCommerce payment gateway easily and consistently.
The protocol (which is the same across all platforms and languages) is
well-documented in the Web Developer's Guide, so please consult it for
any questions you may have about the protocol syntax itself.


II. INSTALL

  Type "./configure; make" to configure and build TCLink.  To install
globally, become root and type "make install".


II. USAGE

  The included test program, tctest.c, shows a very basic transaction
run through the TCLink API.  A more complex example is contained in
tcexample.c.  In either case, you should edit the file and enter
your CustID and password into the defines at the top of the file.

  There are three ways to link against TCLink: a dynmaicly linked
library, a staticly linked library, or directly compiling it in to your
application.  tctest.c uses this final method, as it is the simplest.
By default, all three librarys (.so, .a, and .o) will be built by the
makefile.


III. REQUIREMENTS

  You need OpenSSL to use TCLink.  It can be aquired from
www.openssl.org; most modern UNIX distributions come with it, or offer
it as an option package.

  If you are using an older install of AIX, SCO, Solaris, or other
systems which do not have /dev/urandom for the purpose of generated
secure random numbers, you may want to use a semi-random file (such as
your syslog) as a random number source for additional security.  Set
your the environment variable RANDFILE to point to the file you wish to
use for your random number source.  ~/.rnd is the default.

  If you wish to use TCLink with C++, you must encase the tclink.h
include in an extern "C" statement, like so:

extern "C" {
#include <tclink.h>
}


IV. PLATFORMS

  The included code has been tested on the following platforms:

o Linux on x86
o Linux on Alpha
o Linux on PPC
o Linux on Sparc
o FreeBSD on x86
o OpenBSD on x86
o AIX on PPC
o Solaris on Sparc
o Mac OS X on PPC

  It should work on most modern UNIXes.  If you need assistance getting
it running on your platform, please email developer@trustcommerce.com.


